<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_xff_dkb_4db">
    <title>mwlitem</title>
    <body>
        <p>Basic modality worklist is a great way to improve patient identification since the
            identity comes directly from the master patient index and goes right into the image
            modalities. The implementation in the modalities is mostly minimalist. So the mwl is not
            a confiable vehicule for workflow metadata. There exists UPS and other standards for
            that, but they make the logistics much more complicate. Moreover the other standards
            don´t take into consideration the paper written order for study which is frequently
            administratively amd diagnostically important.</p>
        <p>This is why we use mwl es part of a broader documentational solution. Together with the
            workitem, we issue a dicom cda document of solicitud request which can contain a pdf
            scan of the written order. Moreover we send it to the PACS as the first document of the
            study, so that the metadata there is straight since the beginning and the order is
            always available together with the images.</p>
        <p>The broader solution is implemented by means of a service of httpdicom called /mwlitem
            which orchestrates verifications and registrations necessary for quality information
            production. The  services orchestrated include:</p>
        <p>
            <ul id="ul_vt3_zmb_4db">
                <li>study code verification</li>
                <li>patient id verification or creation</li>
                <li>AccessionNumber no duplication verification</li>
                <li>Creeation of the item</li>
                <li>Creation of user for online access to the study</li>
            </ul>
        </p>
        <p>modalidad reemplaza Modality en la lista anterior. Es que en la nueva versión se va a
            examinar en conjunto con sala, y en base a un archivo de mapeo permitirá definir los
            valores correctos para los atributos DICOM ScheduledProcedureStepSequence.Modality y
            ScheduledProcedureStepSequence.Scheduled StationAETitle. Se agregan campos para
            caracterizar el AccessionNumber. Si es local se completa "issuerLocal" por ejemplo con
            el valor "IRP" o el nombre de la institución solicitante, en caso que se copio en
            AccessionNumber el numero de orden de servicio provisto por la institución
            solicitante.Existe también la opción de calificar el issuer del accessionNumber en base
            a un sistema nacional (por medio de OID, URL, etc). En este caso llenar
            "IssuerUniversal" y "issuerTipo". Para issuerTipo los valores admitidos son :- DNS (An
            Internet dotted name. Either in ASCII or as integers)- EUI64 (An IEEE Extended Unique
            Identifier)- ISO (OID)- URI- UUID- X400- X500</p>
    </body>
</topic>
